Thank you for joining this thriving adventure.
 before doing anything in the IUT, you need to enter the building.
Sadly, the main entrance is blocked for an unknown reason.
You have just found a safe entrance.
But you need to unlock the door first. 
To unlock the door, you must find the right number between 1 and 100. You have 10 tries.


Enter your number

It's more

It's less

Number of attempts remaining:

You have won

You have lost, try again!

Congrats! You’re Inside in hall of IUT ! Now you realise how damaged the IUT is.
You need to clean up everything before starting to rebuild it… 
Pay attention, rubble can hide useful stuff but also dangerous things. 
Keep your eyes open. To clean up, you need tools. They might be in the shops…

********** New quest: find the tools. **********

To find the tools, you must roll a 6-sided dice. The result must be 5 or higher. Press the key (1)

Your roll:

Congratulations! You found the Tools and a strange weapon, a graphics card launcher.

What do you want to do : 
  1- Visit the IUT 
  2- Start clearing


(If the user chooses to start clearing:) 
A zombie approaches, it attacks you, defend yourself! Press the key (1)

 attack: 
Zombie attack:

 HP: 
Zombie HP:

You have found keys on the zombie's body.
You’re clearing the IUT’s hall from its rubble.
You discover a safe locked by a code. 
You also find a piece of paper containing the number 7. 
You have cleared new doors. 
You can now visit other rooms thanks to the keys. 
But be wary of what you find behind the doors...

(If the user chooses to visit before clearing:)
You visit the hall.
You fall into a trap and lose 20 health points.
You notice that the doors are blocked by debris.
You must remove them before continuing, go clear!


(après que l'utilisateur ait déblayé)
You can visit new rooms.
Where do you want to go?
  1- Computer room
  2- Practical Work Room (check word)
  3- Tutorial room (check word)
  4- Mr Synave’s office
  5- Library


(If player wants to go to computers room)
You are in the computers room. Room has been vandalized. 
Computers, tables, chairs and trash litters the floor. 
You find a pile of copper cables in one corner of the room. 
Out of service computers, furniture in mint condition and cables are added to your inventory.
You are putting the room in order.

(If player selects tutorial room)
You’re visiting the tutorial room. 
A few computers are presents in the room. 
Surprisingly, computers seem to be in working condition. 
While cleaning the room’s floor, you discover a piece of paper marked with number 3. 
You get slightly injured in the process by hitting a sharp object. You lose 5 hp. 
You also discover computer equipment in good condition. 
Computers, equipment and the piece of paper is added to your inventory.

(If player wants to visit practice work room)
You’re entering the practice work room. 
You are starting to clean up the rubble. 
A zombie suddenly appears and attacks you. 
There’s out of service computers in the classroom. They’re added to your inventory.

(If players want to go to Mr. Synave office)
Mr. Synave office seems to be locked… you must find the key.

(If players head to the library)
You’re entering the library; the room is a mess… 
You search a pile of papers.
You find a piece of paper with the number 1 on it.

(If player got all the 3 numbers)
Congrats! You got all the 3 numbers… You might be able to open the safe…

Your code : 

The combination is not good. Try again!
Congratulations, you have managed to open the safe!

You find a key…
(End of first chapter)
